WI #557: Preview - Refinement of FOCUS Columns Normative Requirements (#664)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/commitmentdiscountcategory.md

Commitment Discount Category indicates whether the [*commitment discount*](#glossary:commitment-discount) identified in the CommitmentDiscountId column is based on usage quantity or cost (aka "spend"). The CommitmentDiscountCategory column is only applicable to *commitment discounts* and not [*negotiated discounts*](#glossary:negotiated-discount).

---
The CommitmentDiscountCategory column adheres to the following requirements:

* CommitmentDiscountCategory MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports *commitment discounts*.
* If present, the column adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * CommitmentDiscountCategory MUST be of type String.
  * CommitmentDiscountCategory MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
  * CommitmentDiscountCategory MUST be null if [CommitmentDiscountId](#commitmentdiscountid) is null.

>   * If CommitmentDiscountId is not null, the following applies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If CommitmentDiscountId is not null, the column adheres to the following additional requirements:
```

Author: suggested change applied across the board
